test/weather-widget.md, before:

---
layout: test
title:  Weather Widget
---
The purpose of this exercise is for us to get a sense of how you would approach designing and implementing a simple Javascript widget, before we get you in for an interview. We've tried to focus on something that shows how you would structure a front end solution.

There is no time limit, but we expect most applicants to spend roughly 2-3 hours working on the test. Once complete please share your repository, forward a zip file of the source code and dependencies, or use a service like Dropbox to share the file.

Feel free to use any language/toolset you like, however, submission written in React will be looked on favourably. The only requirement is that you can describe how to set it up on a mac so we can see it running.

If you make any assumptions about requirements, or use any online resources to solve a problem, please make note of these somewhere obvious inside the solution (e.g. code comments).

Your solution will be evaluated internally by one or more of your potential co workers. You should expect a response from us within 2 business days.

## Requirements

Create a "weather widget" editor that allows users to set up a widget.

### Editor

The widget editor must have a form to allow a user to create a new widget. This form must include the following fields:

1.	Title
1.	Unit: metric or imperial
1.	Show Wind: true or false

### Widget

The widget itself should be a piece of Javascript that reads the end user's current location using `navigator.geolocation`, and retrieves the current weather conditions for that location using the [Open Weather Map API](http://openweathermap.org/current).

The data the widget displays is determined by the settings in the editor.

### Example Page

Combine the above two into a sample page that matches the following design:

![Weather widget editor and example](../../img/weather-widget-01.png "Weather widget editor and example")

### Tests

Make sure you have tests covering both the editor, and the widget.

## Deliverables

Please submit the following deliverables to: `blueco DOT tech DOT test AT gmail DOT com`.

1. Source code for the solution described above
1. Setup/installation instructions
1. A quick (1-2 page) description of your solution, outlining anything of interest about the code you have produced. This could be anything from why you chose the language and or libraries, why you structured the project the way that you did, why you chose a particular error handling strategy, how you approached testing etc
1. A list of assumptions that you've made while putting this together. We've only given you a very loose spec, so you'll probably need to fill in some blanks while you are working. If you note down the assumptions, for us, then we will be able review the code within the context of those assumptions
1. [Optional] Tell us what you thought of the test and how long it took you to complete

**Note:** we prefer that you send us a link to a repository. If you send an attachment via a zip file with your source code, please be aware that Gmail may block you email. You will receive a confirmation email for your submission.

Commit message:

Wording tweaks to place further emphasis on the quality of markup

test/weather-widget.md, after:

---
layout: test
title:  Weather Widget
---
The purpose of this exercise is for us to get a sense of how you would approach designing and implementing a simple Javascript widget, before we get you in for an interview. We've tried to focus on something that shows how you would structure a front end solution.

There is no time limit, but we expect most applicants to spend roughly 3 hours working on the test. Once complete please share your repository, forward a zip file of the source code and dependencies, or use a service like Dropbox to share the file.

Feel free to use any language/toolset you like, however, submission written in React will be looked on favourably. The only requirement is that you can describe how to set it up on a mac so we can see it running.

If you make any assumptions about requirements, or use any online resources to solve a problem, please make note of these somewhere obvious inside the solution (e.g. code comments).

Your solution will be evaluated internally by one or more of your potential co workers. You should expect a response from us within 2 business days.

## Requirements

Create a "weather widget" editor that allows users to set up a widget.

### Editor

The widget editor must have a form to allow a user to create a new widget. This form must include the following fields:

1.	Title
1.	Unit: metric or imperial
1.	Show Wind: true or false

### Widget

The widget itself should be a piece of Javascript that reads the end user's current location using `navigator.geolocation`, and retrieves the current weather conditions for that location using the [Open Weather Map API](http://openweathermap.org/current).

The data the widget displays is determined by the settings in the editor.

### Example Page

Combine the above two into a sample page that **matches the following design:**

![Weather widget editor and example](../../img/weather-widget-01.png "Weather widget editor and example")

## Deliverables

Please submit the following deliverables to: `blueco DOT tech DOT test AT gmail DOT com`.

1. Source code for the solution described above.
1. Setup/installation instructions
1. A quick (1 page) description of your solution, outlining anything of interest about the code you have produced. This could be anything from why you chose the language and or libraries, why you structured the project the way that you did, why you chose a particular error handling strategy, how you approached testing etc
1. A list of assumptions that you've made while putting this together. We've only given you a very loose spec, so you'll probably need to fill in some blanks while you are working. If you note down the assumptions, for us, then we will be able review the code within the context of those assumptions
1. [Optional] Tell us what you thought of the test and how long it took you to complete

##Tip

Focus on accurately translating the design into quality HTML/CSS before moving onto the Javascript functionality.

**Note:** we prefer that you send us a link to a repository. If you send an attachment via a zip file with your source code, please be aware that Gmail may block you email. You will receive a confirmation email for your submission.
